BackEnd/UnitTest/Assets/Markdown/AboutCodeSnippet.md, before:

---
uid: CatLibrary.IAnimal
summary: This is a *TEST* for override summary
---
This is a *Docmentation* page generated by **Doc-As-Code**
This is a Class description
Starting CodeSnippet:
```csharp
public class Program
    {
        static int Main(string[] args)
        {
               Console.Writeline("Hello");
        }
    }
```
```csharp
{{'../TestClass1/CatLibrary/Class1.cs'[20-46]}}
```

---
uid: CatLibrary.Cat`2.CalculateFood(System.DateTime)
---
This is not valid

---
id: TestClass1
---
This is a Namespace description
This is @Microsoft.DevDiv.Build.TestLibraryB.TestLibraryB valid.
This is a *Docmentation* page generated by **Doc-As-Code**
Starting CodeSnippet:
```csharp
public class Program
    {
        static int Main(string[] args)
        {
               Console.Writeline("Hello");
        }
    }
```
---
uid: CatLibrary.FakeDelegate`1
---
This is a *Docmentation* page generated by **Doc-As-Code**

This is code snippet

```csharp
{{"../TestClass1/TestClass1/Class1.cs"}}
```

```csharp
{{../TestClass1/CatLibrary/Class1.cs[0-]}}
```

Commit message:

File path as the key should be normalized and lowercased

BackEnd/UnitTest/Assets/Markdown/AboutCodeSnippet.md, after:

---
uid: CatLibrary.IAnimal
summary: This is a *TEST* for override summary
---
This is a *Docmentation* page generated by **Doc-As-Code**
This is a Class description refer to @CatLibrary.FakeDelegate`1
Starting CodeSnippet:
```csharp
public class Program
    {
        static int Main(string[] args)
        {
               Console.Writeline("Hello");
        }
    }
```
```csharp
{{'../TestClass1/CatLibrary/Class1.cs'[20-46]}}
```

---
uid: CatLibrary.Cat`2.CalculateFood(System.DateTime)
---
This is not valid

---
id: TestClass1
---
This is a Namespace description
This is @Microsoft.DevDiv.Build.TestLibraryB.TestLibraryB valid.
This is a *Docmentation* page generated by **Doc-As-Code**
Starting CodeSnippet:
```csharp
public class Program
    {
        static int Main(string[] args)
        {
               Console.Writeline("Hello");
        }
    }
```
---
uid: CatLibrary.FakeDelegate`1
---
This is a *Docmentation* page generated by **Doc-As-Code**

This is code snippet

```csharp
{{"../TestClass1/TestClass1/Class1.cs"}}
```

```csharp
// Should merge with the above one in references
{{../TestClass1\testClass1/Class1.cs[0-]}}
```
